metrics(plots): regular udpates & terminology (#1848)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/metrics/diff.md

## Description

This command provides a quick way to compare metrics among experiments in the
repository history. All metrics defined in `dvc.yaml` are used by default. The

> comparison shown by this command includes the old and new value, and the

Reviewer: are you sure we include old?

Author: No. This is wrong actually, thanks. Fixing:
```suggestion
comparison shown by this command includes the new value, and the
```

> comparison shown by this command includes the new value, and the
> numeric difference (delta, rounded to 5 digits precision).

Author: ```suggestion
comparison shown by this command includes the new value, and the numeric
difference (delta) with the previous value (rounded to 5 digits precision).
```

> differences shown by this command include the new value, and numeric difference
> (delta) from the previous value of metrics (rounded to 5 digits precision).

Author: ```suggestion
comparison shown by this command includes the old and new value, and the
numeric difference (delta, rounded to 5 digits precision).
```
